Update the partners page (#390)
mautic/mautic-community-handbook: docs/policies/become_a_community_partner.rst

Financial contribution
======================

It's required that all Mautic Partners are financially supporting the growth of the Mautic community as a :xref:`Corporate Member of Mautic`. 

> Members pay for all memberships annually, via the website. Historical members may still be renewing via Open Collective, but if you'd like to switch to a direct payment via Stripe or invoice, please contact us at outreach@mautic.org.

Reviewer: There's an "us"here.

```suggestion
Members pay for all memberships annually, via the website. Historical members may still be renewing via Open Collective, but if you'd like to switch to a direct payment via Stripe or invoice, please contact our team at outreach@mautic.org.
```
